doc: update ElasticQuota's max value (#545)
kubernetes-sigs/scheduler-plugins: kep/9-capacity-scheduling/README.md

```

The definitions of "min" and "max" have been explained above. Max is infinite

> (math.MaxInt64: 9,223,372,036,854,775,807) by default, min is 0 by default.

Reviewer: Readers may not be interested in the concrete number, so:

```suggestion
(in particular `math.MaxInt64`) by default, min is 0 by default.
```

Reviewer 2: @Gekko0114 (sorry for late answer) this is exactly what I tried to explain previously - sorry if I expressed myself poorly

Author: Thank you so much! I fixed it
